let's play is sponsored by expressvpn
don't let hackers steal your financial
details secure your data at expressvpn
dot-com / let's play
pee pee poo poo poo they met I went and
grabbed some quick diorite as we were
sinking and tried to make your path to
your house I've ran out we're back
everyone by the way hey yeah dead be
dead six no Dead's last time dude no
dead this time we're really gonna
attempt it cuz we got to go back into
the nether we got to get some more blaze
rods trees are gonna tear down the door
that's like do not hit her Ryan while
you're in the nether if you give me some
hearts that'd be great
oh sure whoa woody quartz for observers
I'm gonna make some auto farms
I have 16 quarts Jack you do oh thank
you can I may I please have it yeah oh I
had another in der parole in a different
like the closest became to death last
part was Ryan running I have oxygen down
my mind I that was cool boy he went down
on your mind and almost suffocated Wes
Patil occur Gavin blasting through here
I'm East High yeah East Gavin go towards
the sunrise I'd have a compass gap or
Trev what's the Sun I just another frame
we got a make a testament to last
episode
oh but nobody died but you're right
let's see but that's that's a thing in
and of itself
nobody died as pretty we've had a lot
more no died episodes than we've had
died yeah we missed a lot of trophies
who came up with the phrase in and of
itself probably some Shakespearean
[__] it's it's a real prick phrase
it's a real prick phrase yeah it's like
a mouthful all right so this is episode
5 I should just have a word that
reopened the Milo vessel or how about we
make one up right now what you want to
say and plunge
nope Lynch Lynch oh this tree just
brewed
would you just say something racist and
European don't tell us until we put it
on a shirt how much how much courts you
need like ten I've got 16 right here
Jack oh yeah okay then order then yeah
Gavin I'll come to you story of a
hunting Ender's and ripping cows thank
you though right
Gavin look it's my new chicken all right
I'm gonna make item we're doing this
sticks around leather right so you
throwing stuff into the water I was like
well yeah I'm rinsing off so you don't
get infected I have a mailbox right
there oh I see
I feel like you can either use a mailbox
so you can just throw in water to clean
it what are we gonna put in there to
commemorate ripping cows I think a
leather right piece of leather is there
a way you could put like a glove in
there for the hand ripping I don't like
seeing this portal open it's just
terrifying
Oh blazes oh my god Ryan we need blazes
yeah ambushed me Gavin did you run
across my farm no I jumped across
there's like three spots that are dead
that got bloody in there all right there
we go
oh man speaking of bloody if a bird flew
into my house last night and then a cat
oh dude that's a series of events right
there I like that are we in the nether
now I'm in another it's bad okay I'm
going in I'm going in as well are they
still aggro no no they're cool doesn't
they remember you shove like you oh my
god oh god here's the trap that killed
Michael oh yeah I see now it's not a
trap the nail marks is a claw his way
killed him actually looking at it yeah
no it was this one step right here
it was impromptu wall it wasn't proud to
do with looked up on this and came over
and then he just had this wall in front
of him hope it was either way they pour
it in like a what we after in the
Netherlands what would glazed rods
Blaze's you're playing shooting I'm
fighting one oh yeah I see them up there
with Ryan ho-hum burden don't die oh wow
my mask
I brought cobbles Matt left the game
flying is unable to the server I jumped
oh hi Jeremy oh don't tell Matt you're
not logical it's like that time over
Putin little Scott I believed I could
fly you jump on me yeah
these are wither traps now you jump
every so often if you see one of these
duck behind it nice I like those little
I get gas right by the entrance to the
nether yeah I can hear kill it Matt you
can do it
oh she's firing at somebody who's she
firing at it's me okay if that's the
case oh how the fires yeah they burn the
burning it actually didn't hurt the
burning fire didn't hurt you he's a
witch how many people did they burn
alive before they realize that no one
was a witch
ah too many I think they pretty much
convinced themselves that they were all
witches my favorite part was still the
like hey can you swim which I think they
remember me dude can you swim without
your arms it was really the issue it's
because they tied them up I broke it
over here like across the mountain and
everything as soon as I got here she
ever burst down the hallway like hey
alright I remember there being some
blazes up and around here Brian's gonna
get with he's gonna get real winner
already know this is a winter trap it's
a with a bridge no wither Archer it's
more of a I hope they don't duck the kid
duck that's withers never learned
it's like Daleks with this deck is fly
okay there's a there's a blaze spawner
next to me if the doctor regenerates
unto a woman's body can he she then go
back in time to when she was a man and
shag himself yep sure can would that be
masturbation I see no reason why
I feel like he would be incontinent like
he wouldn't be able to get pregnant from
himself why not just because his own
biology would no I don't think that's
how it works
movie magic surely he'd make an exact
replica of himself I mean he could
repopulate the entire Time Lord race you
know so if two people with the exact
same DNA had sex would you just get
another of that person well you might
get a reshuffling of them I almost died
oh mutations Matt don't die right now
we're not having the right conversation
for that you're right I just I almost
fell down a pit to my death it was just
so close Matt just would have gone
silent like identical twins have to be
the same sex right correct cuz otherwise
they would both Matt I need you to base
your scientific questions off of not
Rugrats know what Hanukkah was until the
Chanukah episode you know yeah yeah they
taught me a lot
how many blaze rods mean a lot how much
do they what do they break down into
there was a spawner right cuz I found it
too because we need the powder can you
like silk touch Shawna yeah in in Winton
you can't I don't know about Java
version Brian here up there yeah oh yeah
there there I have four rods oh nice
so I've only got the one if we if we
need more that's probably all we need
for now you have eight powder yeah two
more that'd be really good I want to
kill them all
don't don't do that Ryan oh yeah well
because I could take you to the blazes I
don't want a fight okay okay I got five
four here take me to your blazes Matt
all right
whoa you go through here now do you know
how to get home from here
those ones me I do how to get there hole
three hearts and then down this hallway
and up those three hearts that's scary
why what were you doing there is this
bond again six six rods they pop a few
in Agra once in a while I'm trying to
head back i I see a lot of torches is
that signifying the way out what's
happening all right I'm gonna take the
head and someone go in and get the kilim
okay okay yeah or maybe Gavin you should
take the hit because I've got a better
sword than you okay right what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna walk in and some yeah just
make them shoot at you you're gonna
Christopher stop boys couple let's go
Jesus careful guys Oh behind you behind
you let's leave yeah we have enough guys
we don't need to come for rods I got
four rods yeah yeah we got plenty we got
plenty
we can leave Kevin hey this way this way
Matt yo come to the exit wow look at
this group running back out of the
nether six we were so successful we were
very efficient you're dead you're dead
crew I feel like I helped slightly then
Ryan I'm just gonna drop these blaze
rods in your mailbox
alright I kinda wanna make another
portal from my house and see if I can
make like a another highway to you guys
do it the right way
I wonder if you're far enough away to do
that I mean we're not that far away but
I mean we're at good ways but not
terribly far what's the lever do huh
what lever pull the lever Kronk that's
how people blow up mm-hmm that's
terrifying dude Brown in the middle of
town
no don't why did you buy when you pulled
up old and ran I pulled it and ran I
just assumed just gonna explode I don't
know how to it says repaired disenchant
I don't know how to do either with it
though disenchant you just throw an
enchanted thing in there and then it'll
grind it off and give you experience for
it but how do i repair okay if I throw
too like busted iron swords in there it
combines them into one so you hiring is
you just throw busted stuff in together
okay
all right I got a tenderize right
nothing in this desert all right well I
guess let's all meet up around Ryan and
follow the eyes but not too close right
man I've been watching all the James
Bond films and some of them are proper
crap I was Moonraker recently Hey he
jumped out of a plane without a
parachute and it was awesome
in rinkeby he came out of a Venice canal
unlike a gondola that inflated and
suddenly was able to drive like a
hovercraft and I did a double-take
I know what did a double-take Jim I
still haven't heard what it was that did
a double-take
every time we were just hearing engine
it's an itching my pump it hasn't
arrived yet so my piece doesn't but he
got all the other ones out you were just
yelling
anyway the itchin did a double-take
bed to Matt my horse we jump really high
to you I think yours cancer damned
oh my god which direction to go let's
see about my flaccid horse oh this way
this way this way did not break okay so
which direction run sorry I wasn't
watching I was jumping it went this way
okay Matt if I if I sit in a bucket and
you'd put it on a lead to your horse
could you tow me along I was wondering
if I could do that
Ryan do you guys have maps you should
probably a map with that I definitely
not that's a great suggestion I mean I
ever making this that will lead us back
but make a boat and I'll see if I could
tow the boat okay I need some wood all
right here we go
Oh still that way which direction which
direction you guys go south north one
village south you want south of the
village we're on South hold on I could
make a fishing rod the rod I'll have to
yank you every time yeah but if I have
the rod to yank me back to you oh there
there children I'll let them grow up all
right come on yank it yeah nothing
happened
my horse doesn't have legs it's in this
desert that'd be awesome
either we've been incredibly lucky and
it's close or it's very far away because
there was almost no deviation been
incredibly unlucky yeah all right we're
angling slightly just lightly to the
west so yeah we didn't cut out again by
the way just I'm just the same place it
was nothing
what genius made plosive applo Civ word
yeah cuz I mean that's like an
onomatopoeia you fool hey put a lisp in
lisp jordans he put a glottal stop in
glow yeah is that a pink sheep in nature
look at this Ryan hey yeah it happens
dude look at that
they're very rare occurence did I just
win nope
no no shocks that I gunned my diamond
sword under the ground this is the
server spawned with two biomes she leans
in desert oh there's a forest never mind
you tell it Ryan where's Ryan Jeremy a
village I almost killed this sheep
thinking it was a pig kill it man with
the wool
it's got like yellow buildings and stuff
and red roofs I don't think that's
civility we've already found
that's a Plains village hold on horsey
you're not gonna know wow what the hell
that's sounded like an arrow whizzed by
me are you a growed are you a good
people are you good people god he looks
like a Roman Emperor I'm gonna continue
moving here watered your head at me sir
go into the forest I'm stopping to kill
some pigs so I will see you this works I
want to take you home but that's a very
long distance away oh there you guys are
ello I think I'm gonna lost you guys
again if you want to hit up that village
just just steal everything they've got
yeah I still straight so I see you drive
from right here what about a little gap
I'm just walking if we see a black cat
that'd be great and I have all three
there was a pure white cat but
and don't want that you could have died
it slap some squid ink on my cat yeah
you're right so you're still going south
Ryan I'm still going straight cells
surprised you didn't bring a horse Ryan
I've thought about it and then I figured
well not everyone has horses B's Ryan
I'm gonna whack that nest Oh Oh these
pistols yeah babies holy [__] there's a
lot of bees here bee farm angered the
bees yeah oh I bet that's what happened
what happened I don't think sugarcane
will grow on flowing water and I was
trying to do a collector thing Oh Khan
you damn it this pig must die I don't
want him to see we've gone over it yes
it's actually kind of funny that the
spot that the bees are pissed off might
be right by it
the bees are part of it here we go I'm
gonna fling one he's playing nice over
there you still go in due south oh you
know we might be above it then do it you
might be under this Lake Mountain yeah
we probably with lights we can go then
split village that's nap village rest
the hill throw another one and then we
can go to nap village oh yeah look at
the village over there you owe me throw
another one up here yeah go for it don't
break don't break okay it's like right
on her okay you guys got it okay all
right all right yeah Oh guys and it's a
new moon I don't know what that means
but I feel like we could write poetry
about this it means me dude there's two
of them but you wouldn't probably me too
before we'll slip to the same of times
guys I heard all the catalyst to the
village or whatever you want to describe
that is not a cackle bit are they gonna
eat me and then they're gonna eat me oh
my god
all right I'm going in with this dude
what's up pal we may have to kill some
villagers to have a place to sleep oh I
found a bed
all right I'm sleeping the kilim can
either sleep here do you guys need
pillow or pillows beds by the way I
could use some pillows oh my god cat
here Oh Gavin you made it yeah but you'd
be far away yeah go find a house but you
have to sleep through the night for the
Phantom's go away I think so oh I found
a cartography table
oh there's one okay I have one with me I
was gonna bring alright find a bed table
who's eating mat I'm sleeping no that
makes him go in their houses I'm asleep
I'm asleep who's not sleeping there's
monsters I can't sleep who's awake oh
god oh god there's this I'll be right
outside
oh no rap guys better hurry sleep I had
to kill the villager next to me because
Oh God you know but he was smoking so he
was about to turn ya I'm gonna become a
zombie and then I was trying to go back
to sleep it was like you can't get out
of bed sir
my bed okay I'm sleeping watch the
flaming zombie just cruising day there's
a tower over there a battle pillager
tower oh nice holy crap there is holy
crap why would they build their visitor
inside everything atrocities all right
I'm gonna start heading you guys okay
days long jack is there any purpose to
going over and yeah death interacting
with that they have chat they have chest
totem of undying we're gonna do a radio
junket reference you're right you're
right what do you mean to my right
there's a pillager whatever the hell my
god he was about to take you
he says owl he speaks English does
anyone have an extra bow not on me no
we're probably gonna get a crossbow out
of this careful we don't get to be very
careful about fighting those guys so
just you know once you kill the captain
if you come back to this village a raid
will start yeah oh let's go top and kill
that man now there Amin's waves and
waves of enemies will attack this
village oh there's nothing up here
except a chest
no him I'm gonna get like a angry thing
right yeah you're gonna get a bad omen
oh yeah here's the thing Ryan uh-huh the
only thing we'll get out of it is it's
gonna throw a Volkers at us which if we
manage to live through killing them will
drop a totem of undying so one of us
will not die if you're holding it dude
we're gonna die we're if we do that any
reason unless that's one of our new
challenges Oh bet there's two captain's
out here these two oh they're they spawn
down there yep there's so many kkona
kkona kkona Jeff met downstairs okay
coming I mean I'm actually open I'm okay
I'm just I don't want to kill him unless
we decide on is there's three captains
oh god there's a raid starting on this
place I took his I took his goddamn
banner I took any villains oh [__]
this is bad if you come back oh my god
there's so many I know but they're
swarming here captain let's not say
things like oh you don't go to the
village [__] guys help yeah yeah
what can look out there behind you I
know where's my cat do that cats gone
I'm asking the real questions yeah they
are fast man I can't outrun him Matt I'm
gonna save your life which ways the
village hold on where's the village
guys stop freaking out it's all right
it's simple what are you [__] you can
see it from the
speed yourself said voluntary exile what
is that that I killed a captain what is
it what is it ominous bandit white why'd
you go back to the tower Matt I'm
getting my cat no dude that's gonna die
Ryan you're getting swarmed by so many
don't die from runnin man your cat is
out here Matt no it's not okay that way
all Ryan's Ryan's gonna trigger raid
yeah and that's right around where we
need to be right well they'll rate the
village this is a very interesting time
to do that they won't stop until all the
villagers are dead buck Jack you know
what that means for us I wipe to dry
where's my plane oh it's a wooden tower
on the mountain where the Pearl thing
was I have to go back I must wait no why
why are you going back I can't leave a
people can we just - Aaron watch look
they're from the raid up dude yeah this
raid is not going well for this there's
five rounds of it in the fur over there
they are oh my god they're iron golem is
owning them let's do this thing
yeah the iron golem will do it won't win
for long though yeah yeah he'll survive
one round son pwnage oh he's cracking
yeah cuz eventually the Ravagers were
gonna show up yeah and they'll just kill
that's when I'll leave where's my lead
in my post well keeping Mike I got your
lead what's wrong Jeremy I'm riding back
to town
uh-huh and that ravine really snuck up
on me did you fall in love I landed on a
like a one space thing that was like
just high enough to die oh my god I'm
out here guys I'm real okay okay I'm
coming back I'm coming back oh god the
iron golems chasing them down we're all
fools for being here no no yeah but you
god oh god I hear him no no he's above
you so hurt jump attack Oh Trevor don't
hit
we're dead no I'm fine I'm fine I got
out of the iron golem is No
he's stuck in the water we need to kite
all the bad boys here oh my god there's
only one left and that round there's
five rounds nope new raid starting I'm
stayed out here yeah guy yeah but
there's gonna be witches and there's
gonna be [__] yeah I'm getting out
yeah if you guys weren't ready for that
that is a bad bad move why don't we make
us a safety bunker with a window and we
can whatever ready for it oh yeah watch
the atrocities go down yeah I'm just
going to the hill go to the hell dude go
to the hill for sure Matt come on
what yeah we just killed that whole
village I'm almost back home look we
can't be responsible for what other
people did do yeah all right I'm over
here digging into the side of the hill
guys I'm on the east side of the hill I
see the tower yeah yeah east side is the
best I like the idea that the villagers
are probably like four generations we've
lived next to the pillages Alliance
everything changed in the elders the
temple everything changed when those
idiots showed up killed the captain and
then planted his banner in our village
all right so where are you idiots I'm
starting excuse me sir and it's loaded
what's up guys I'm storing my horse in a
hole this is about to make me so happy
come on dum-dum oh I found it yep here
it is found a fortress already nope
dang where I do I went down that East
Side entrance that dingdong oh okay I
see I see it I'll put this banner here
so that way we know the careful
periwinkle Arya watch periwinkle Matt
they're like right on top of us Kevin
yes Matt here Trevor I got a present for
you
I'll pretend it went through a mailbox
actually you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna go rinse it off real quick yeah go
rinse it off yeah that's fair you'll see
there's a green mark on it that's where
we're at right now it's gonna be bad
down there though right
oh my god I would watch like death
creeper drops I'm behind Jack and why
are there so many torches placed look
that was my only job all right
editor I hope you're seeing this this is
the happiest I've been all day all right
I'm gonna take some of these for
Chansey Jack be careful man
Oh God not a ravine I've got some car
yes hold on I hate ravines Ari you're
clear the brains plant these so you can
live for forever all right guys I don't
know if I'll be back where are you going
what's happening if I'm not back just
remember me not to you I'm not talking
to you guys don't worry look who I'm
talking to my cat's okay
zipper Booker scooter take care of each
other
I found a library oh [__] where's my
horse Gavin
turn around what why is there a boat in
the middle of this field we don't need
books anymore write this all right I'll
take him if you I mean I'll go through
there and take him out any sign of the
portal Ryan not yet I can't smell it
there's a divided part of the fortress
that's on the other side I found the
portal nice some down these stairs I'm
gonna hit this button a lot Gavin's here
who's here
oh Jesus Matt I almost hate to say it
none of the others are none free in all
we hear well done yeah Wow well we've
got we need seven now Oh silver Trevor
Luther were you at Downes downstairs
oh yes I can see your name yeah the wall
behind you just oh there's lots now and
the more you kill the bowl bust out
oh boy that's dude ha nice try to light
up their spawn or two
oh god they're in there don't go in that
room I'm still on my way I want boots a
little over halfway there I'm gonna burn
this place at the ground super villain
sounded like that like there's like a
Adventure Zone character that sounds
like that it's possible alright so we
need [__] there's one more pearl back
yeah we do need [__]
why are you slinging around of this
it's not sort he's been swinging a pole
mad the whole time I've got an enchanted
book of thorns - if anybody wants it
well I'll take that unless somebody else
wants it please I'm tearing down the
library I see the tower I can see the
top I don't tear this chest down
knowledge destroyed I put it in that
chair superfish put in that chest so we
don't break the rules thank you near the
tower and has an extra fence post on
them there's already a fence post up
there what there's a horse just in a
hole I assume that's Trevor's yeah
that's Trevor's yeah mine's hitched
right by my cat here I can bring you up
a post jack you want to chuck down one
of those fences sure Oh me jail oh I
didn't know the entrance was down here
God yeah cool cool ari is actually doing
good work cuz she's stopping creepers
from coming up here that's a great
that's a great point Kevin what are you
doing I'm making a pause oh wow I'm
gonna go ahead and wow wow wow wow
there's no reason to go back down there
right now to get to more pearls alright
so we all run out and Trevor here's your
leave thank you very much kind sir there
you go I went ahead and put a railing up
that's a good call I just made it wider
but yeah Gavin do you have a map yeah
why okay
well it shows you where we are right now
and how to get back here Jeremy do you
have one no watch this yeah chuck it in
the ocean Ryan do you map yet Wow
alright double banner did Ryan wait am i
washed it for you I thank you oh it's
did sweeping out the sea Oh bunch of
birds bunch of birds
oh boy entrance yeah yeah oh my god okay
Trevor back away I've got an arrow on
him I don't want kill one of you guys
hairy children Matt I'm gonna kill one
of these horses by accident there's a
zombie coming alright
quick get before the Sun's up get to the
desert to see if any Enderman spawn I
don't want to like spoil anything for
anyone but there are also drowned that
spawn here
there's no interment in the desert yeah
the other thing I need people to watch
out for when we're down there is gravel
we need lots of stuff because if we're
gonna go fight the dragon then you get
prep for it so yeah we should get
probably um we should start getting like
feather falling on boots and [__] and
arrows we should run yeah hey I'll be
back to the base no we've located yeah
what's up I got a saddle for you oh well
I'm already like halfway back to the
base okay I just killed a rabbit all so
Gavin could use the saddle he's the one
that doesn't have a horse
I also need a horse we got horses around
a voluntary exile go Jeremy what is that
the only thing left was a Ravager with
only one hit remaining on him and then
yes yeah well I think it's not paused I
just think everyone was dead except one
dude in a house he's gonna be there
Bilbo he'll talk about it
where's their door just out here guys
who's getting rid of slavery
oh that's Anna Volker I think get him
Rey defeat general Volkers come out with
raids yeah are you trying to kill them
Jeremy well no no I'm sorry sorry um
focus that guy had a magic crossbow
trained on me oh dang look how many
squid we got it's one hit I remember
when we held it all took on a raid at
one point we all just got rinsed
repeatedly it didn't go well yeah
nothing they're just they're markers to
show you one yeah where are you going
I'm going back to the cult oh I think
that's it there's some witches over here
but yeah well I thought that I think the
raid officially ended cuz everyone's
dead - we failed
I found a smoker oh I'm gonna smoke a
potato yeah this is awesome
yeah I'm smoking on 4/20 right now I'm
heading back to the cult and then I'm
gonna lay down a marker for you guys I
got a heal periwinkle he'll be fine
no he's got one heart all right let me
put him down no do it it's quite the
opposite we got more than enough blaze
powder we just need the eyes he's broke
is like you got to put him down
that's how horses work well he didn't
break his leg he just ate poison all
right so next next part we just gotta
hunt some Andy's not many we just need a
few more get
but then I mean we should really prep to
go fight the dragon if we want to
actually try to kill it I mean yeah oh
for sure yeah so yeah well hunting
undies and then I mean Jack it's
probably gonna be like if you can find
more diamond because you've got that
pickaxe oh yeah I mean there's there's
there's diamond everywhere but I mean if
anyone finds it let me know because I've
got looting on my what is it
fortune on mine so we can start making
like some diamond chest pieces and stuff
I mean honestly what would be really
good
make some diamond boots and then enchant
those so they have like feather fall
yeah feather falls gonna be big cuz that
dragon if it climbed those towers to
break the things yeah if he knocks you
off that's game over Kyushu I mean when
not the ones in the cages is that no
like Diahann my arrows that you can use
probably can get dynamite arrows I'll do
some research and see what the best way
to do that is can I can I sleep at the
place
what place the village no I like the
little banner place with the door the
villager camp no he's talking about our
hole yeah he wants to sleep in the
Fortran do we actually have to sleep oh
you can just stand there I mean I just
don't have a horse it takes me forever
to go in
oh we should get you a horse what can I
feed you hey we head back toward the
village that is in part six I can't
there's no Dyer another day I I mean
this this group man it's a good summer
we're doing it I don't know what's
happening like think of how close we are
to actually go into the end I know
that's wild dude that's pretty insane
and if we get there then we'll fight the
dragon and some of you may die sacrifice
here's the thing I can't imagine we go
fight the dragon and all of us leave
there alive
oh no Matt's gonna die for sure sure
jackal just shoot me that way I mean
spoiler if it looks like you're gonna
make it out then sure someone's gonna
accidentally look at an Enderman in
there oh yeah and then that's gonna
distract them and they're gonna get spit
on and then that's the end of it no
shield so she will actually agro the
Enderman like her breath will piss off
the inner mint and they'll come after
you nice like that's that's actually one
of the worst parts of it just give her a
mint you try that mint and then we'll
we'll dig a grave for summer Wars put
little hats all the places where it's
already done
all right well thanks for joining
everybody and as we make our way home we
will see you for part 7 pigeon it was a
pigeon oh I heard at that time I still
heard damn it the second one with the
second one was a solid pigeon pigeon
let's stop
[Music]